End User License Agreement 

Under this End User License Agreement (the "Agreement"), Frictional Games HB (the "Vendor") grants to the user (the "Licensee") a non-exclusive and non-transferable license (the "License") to use the software (the "Software").

"Software" includes the executable computer programs and any related documentation and any other files that may accompany the product.

Title, copyright, intellectual property rights and distribution rights of the Software remain exclusively with the Vendor. Intellectual property rights include the look and feel of the Software. This Agreement constitutes a license for use only and is not in any way a transfer of ownership rights to the Software.

The Software may be loaded onto no more than one computer at a time. A single copy may be made for backup purposes only.

The rights and obligations of this Agreement are personal rights granted to the Licensee only. The Licensee may not transfer or assign any of the rights or obligations granted under this Agreement to any other person or legal entity. The Licensee may not make available the Software for use by one or more third parties.

The Software may not be reverse-engineered, or de-compiled in any manner through current or future available technologies.

The Software is provided by the Vendor and accepted by the Licensee "as is". The Vendor will not be liable for any general, special, incidental or consequential damages including, but not limited to, loss of production, loss of profits, loss of revenue, loss of data, or any other business or economic disadvantage suffered by the Licensee arising out of the use or failure to use the Software.

The Vendor does not warrant that use of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Licensee accepts that software in general is prone to bugs and flaws within an acceptable level as determined in the industry.

All terms, conditions and obligations of this Agreement will be deemed to be accepted by the Licensee ("Acceptance") on installation of the Software.